_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: PhD student at <a href='https://www.cs.washington.edu/'>UW</a>. Previously at <a href='https://www.citadel.com/'>Citadel</a> | <a href='https://www.ml.cmu.edu/'>CMU</a> | <a href='https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/'>IIT Bombay</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: IMG_7729.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about.md with description

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: PhD student at <a href='https://www.cs.washington.edu/'>UW</a> • Previously <a href='https://www.citadel.com/'>Citadel</a> | <a href='https://www.ml.cmu.edu/'>CMU</a> | <a href='https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/'>IIT Bombay</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: IMG_7729.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a PhD student (2023-present) at the [University of Washington](https://www.cs.washington.edu/), advised by Prof. [Simon Du](https://simonshaoleidu.com/) and Prof. [Sewoong Oh](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~sewoong/). I am broadly interested in fundamental aspects of machine learning. This includes a principled understanding of various learning algorithms and their statistical and computational properties. This also involves discovery and analysis of interesting phenomena that arise in modern learning paradigms.

Previously, I worked on quantitative investment research at [Citadel](https://www.citadel.com/)'s GQS division. I got my Masters degree in Machine Learning from [Carnegie Mellon University](https://www.ml.cmu.edu/). I got my Bachelors degree in Computer Science from [IIT Bombay](https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/).
